add offline batch ingestion tech doc (#8251)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/async-batch-ingest.md

---
layout: default
title: Asynchronous batch ingestion
parent: ML Commons APIs
has_children: false
has_toc: false
nav_order: 35
---

# Asynchronous batch ingestion
**Introduced 2.17**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Use the Asynchronous Batch Ingestion API to ingest data into your OpenSearch cluster from your files in remote file servers, such as S3 or OpenAI. For detailed configuration steps, see [Asynchronous batch ingestion]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/async-batch-ingestion/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Asynchronous Batch Ingestion API to ingest data into your OpenSearch cluster from your files on remote file servers, such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) or OpenAI. For detailed configuration steps, see [Asynchronous batch ingestion]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/async-batch-ingestion/).
```

## Path and HTTP methods

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/_batch_ingestion
```

#### Request fields

The following table lists the available request fields.

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 
`index_name`| String | Required | The index name. 
`field_map` | Object | Required | Maps fields from the source file to specific fields in an OpenSearch index for ingestion. 
`ingest_fields` | Array | Optional | Lists fields from the source file that should be ingested directly into the OpenSearch index without any additional mapping. 
`credential` | Object | Required | Contains the authentication information for accessing external data sources, such as Amazon S3 or OpenAI.
`data_source` | Object | Required | Specifies the type and location of the external file(s) from which the data is ingested.

> `data_source.type` | String | Required | Specifies the type of the external data source. Valid values are `s3`, `openAI`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data_source.type` | String | Required | Specifies the type of the external data source. Valid values are `s3` and `openAI`.
```
